
    The purpose of the SFAI - Virtual Assistant Application is to assist students and parents 
    in obtaining information on student financial aid. 
    
    It operates as a chat application and is trained on PDF documents sourced from 
    student financial aid websites. The app serves as a helpful resource by providing
    a glossary of terms and serving as a starting point for individuals who are 
    considering student financial aid.
    However, it is important to note that the application is provided "as is" and 
    "as available," and users should verify the information with official sources 
    as there are no guarantees regarding its completeness, accuracy, reliability,
    suitability, or availability. Users should rely on the information provided by 
    the application at their own risk.

    The Application's information is not guaranteed to be accurate or complete. 
    The training data is sourced from openly available information on student financial 
    aid and department of education websites. While efforts are made to keep the information 
    up-to-date and correct, no warranties are made regarding its completeness, accuracy, 
    reliability, suitability, or availability. Users should verify the information provided 
    by the Application with official sources.

    By using this Application, users signify their acceptance of the terms and 
    conditions outlined in this disclaimer. If users do not agree to these terms, 
    they should not use the Application.

    

Links to resources used to train the model

PDF Handbook 2023-2024:
https://fsapartners.ed.gov/knowledge-center/fsa-handbook

All PDF files in :
https://financialaidtoolkit.ed.gov/tk/resources/all.jsp?sort=type

Multiple webpages from: https://studentaid.gov/

You can change the theme and enable wide screen mode by navigating to the hamburger icon
on the top right corner. You can also use the print command to save the conversation as a pdf
file.
